twenty-two more than 22 million
Americans are currently unemployed yeah
as a result of this today we hit the
Grimm milestone of more than 40,000
Americans but now having died from the
current virus can you explain then why
you come out here and you are reading
clips and and and showing clips of prays
for you and for your administration is
this really the time for
self-congratulations well I will tell
you this what I'm doing is I'm standing
up for the men and women that have done
such an incredible job not for me for
the men and women Admirals
vice president if I might but all of the
men and women thousands tens of
thousands of them that built hospitals
in New York and New Jersey and all over
this country in record time that throw
up a thousand beds in four days I'm
sticking up for those people those
people have been incredible I'm also
sticking up for doctors and nurses and
military doctors and nurses if they you
played and what you read earlier was
praising you and your but I play today
was Governor Cuomo
to do that saying very positive things
about the job the federal government has
done and those people thousand dozen
died those people have been just
absolutely excoriated by some of the
fake news like you you CNN your fake
news and let me just tell you they were
excoriated by people like you that don't
know any better because you don't have
the brains you were born with you should
be praising the people that have done a
good job not doing what you do even that
question so just so you understand if we
didn't do a job I now not why are you
don't tell you why now are you ready
because these people are right now in
hospitals it's dangerous it's going to a
battlefield and I want these people I
want you I want you and it's all about
that it's not about me
nothing's about me and you look look
you're never gonna treat me fairly many
of you and I understand that I don't
even know I got here with the worst most
unfair press treatment they say in the
history of the United States for
president they did say Abraham Lincoln
had very bad treatment - let me just
tell you half you're mean and you talk
about from remaking the plane oh that's
a positive thing and that's good for the
future people can learn from that but I
want the men and women of this country
that are in danger the Admirals and the
generals that have done a job like
they've never done before they're in war
weren't worried you know I call it the
invisible enemy that's a war and it's a
dangerous war we're also at a level when
you said 40,000 people and you're right
almost 40,000 people and and what hell
more than okay good correct me correct
me well I'm really glad you corrected
you see but here's the story let me just
say something if we didn't do what we
did the 40,000 right now could be a
million people it could be a million
people not 40,000 it could be a million
we're tracking at much less than the
lowest possible estimate and that's a
great tribute to a number of people and
a number of things one of the things
that it's a tribute to is what's taking
place in this country with the American
people because they've gone inside
they've done it they've done a job that
nobody thought was possible
and in fact when they did D models as
they call them nobody thought it was
possible they did models not based on
this kind of success I've seen New York
streets and I see it in the morning I've
watched all my life New York streets and
you can't even see the pavement there's
so many people and you take a look this
morning you take a look even on Friday
morning I looked at it I saw it through
a camera there wasn't a person on Fifth
Avenue there wasn't a person on Madison
Avenue I've never seen anything like it
because people have really listened to
instructions and they've listened to
what we've had to say and the
professionals they've listened and those
people people should really give them a
lot of credit including people like you
because you just don't have the sense to
understand what's going on
yeah please go ahead oh so when Trump
congratulate himself on a brilliant job
when he trots up administration
officials for the express purpose of
thanking him for his unrivaled
leadership when he plays campaign ads
touting his incredible achievements
during the outbreak that's not for him
it's for doctors and nurses got it
this is CNN's Jeremy Dimon calling Trump
out for making every day during these
coronavirus press briefings a self
congratulatory campaign rally for the
president now I think it's beyond clear
at this point that Trump has dropped the
ball every step of the way but if he
hadn't and again he has but even if he
hadn't this is clearly not the time for
throwing yourself a parade more than
40,000 Americans have lost their lives
that's 40,000 families
40,000 neighbors 40,000 friends and yet
we rarely if ever hear a single word of
condolences from Trump whereas we are
subjected to literal hours per day of
listening to the president rave about
himself and then occasionally calling
his friends up to rave about him too I
mean the guy has expressed more
heartache for losing campaign rallies
than he has for any of the tens of
thousands of dead Americans
well I hope we can do rallies it's great
for the country it's great spirit it's
great for a lot of things it's a that to
me it's a tremendous way of getting the
word out if you look at our success rate
we've had tremendous success we win
where we have rallies including
endorsements of candidates our success
rate is I think unparalleled there's
nothing like it so I certainly hope we
can have rallies we'll find out I don't
like the rally is where we're sitting
like you're sitting I mean you got many
reporters outside trying to get into
this room and I come in I'm looking at
this room and I see all this it loses a
lot of flavor it loses to me a lot of
flavor but I hope we're gonna have
rallies I think they're gonna be bigger
than ever I will say this the rallies
that we're having until we had to stop
with regard to the problem that we had
here the rallies were bigger than they
were I think even substantially bigger
we go into the biggest arena would turn
away twenty thirty thousand people
sometimes in in one case I think they
said in New Jersey we had a hundred and
seventy-five thousand people show up for
an arena there holds nine thousand
people and they showed up
and the reporters even reported that now
that sounds like a leader truly
heartbroken at the fate of 40,000 dead
Americans now Chum tries to claim that
he has an obligation to praise himself I
mean the federal government as a whole
because news outlets like CNN have been
excoriating them now to be clear no
reputable news outlet has quote
excoriated any public health official or
scientist or nurse or doctor they have
however criticized Trump which leads me
to believe that either Trump doesn't
know how to distinguish himself from
other people or that he just
conveniently pretends that criticism of
himself belongs to everyone of course it
doesn't in that it belongs only to him
and for good reason
it was his unilateral decision to
downplay the virus while those very
public health experts that he just
lumped himself together alongside we're
actually trying to warn the federal
government Trump was warned by Health
and Human Services Secretary Alex azar
on January 18th White House aides tried
to warn then chief of staff Mick
Mulvaney On January 27th
Peter Navarro tried to warn the White
House in a memo On January 29th a czar
called Trump again to warn him on
January 30th the world's Health
Organization declared the corona virus a
global health emergency on that same day
Senators warned the administration to
take the virus more seriously and to
request emergency funding On February
5th which the administration failed to
do health officials in coordination with
the National Security Council tried
another memo On February 14th
Navarro wrote yet another memo directly
to Trump on February 23rd and the
director of the National Center for
immunization and respiratory diseases
Nancy Missoni a publicly warned of the
virus and said quote we need to be
preparing for significant disruption in
our lives on February 25th which
prompted Trump to call a czar fuming
because her factual comments caused the
market to drop so when Trump claims that
the media was excoriating these people
know the media was echoing them along
with countless other doctors and public
health experts and foreign countries all
of whom practically begged the Trump
administration to start taking swift and
serious action meanwhile all we got were
comments like these have you been
briefed by the CBC the words about a
pandemic at this point no or not at all
and where we have it totally under
control how concern to you well we
pretty much shut it down you know a lot
of people think that goes away in April
with the heat as the heat comes in
typically that will go away and April
we're in great shape though it's going
to disappear one day it's like a miracle
it will disappear they can have vaccines
I think relatively soon and they're
gonna have something that makes you
better and that's gonna actually take
place we think even sooner you know we
have thousands or hundreds of thousands
of people that get better there just by
you know sitting around and even going
to work some of them go to work but as
of right now and yesterday anybody that
needs a test that's important in and the
tests are all perfect like the letter is
perfect the transcription is perfect
right this is not as perfect as that but
pretty good that you're not taking this
seriously enough and that some of your
statements don't match what your health
experts are saying the fact is that this
has always been a self-serving political
exercise for Trump since the very
beginning when you refused to let a
cruise ship with sick americans aboard
dock because he didn't want his numbers
to go up so putting his own name on
federal stimulus checks to bragging
about being number one on facebook to
playing literal campaign answering what
are supposed to be coronavirus press
briefings this has always been about
himself his campaign and his re-election
only he doesn't have the common sense to
realize that the way to have a crisis
reflect well upon you is to succeed at
it that's why the approval ratings of
governors of public health experts of
doctors are through the roof because
they are doing the work they are telling
the truth they are putting the time in
and they are helping save lives Trump
hasn't done any of that the only
difference being that he wants the
praise as if he has
[Music]